Tasting, tasting. Hello gang, how's all things going out there? All right. Who has some sidewalk
chocolate? Did I hear a youp from Dave Kline out there? Can we get a universal youp? I think we're
ready to go. Hello, my name is Jeff Bryan Davis. I'm very happy to be back controlling. I know that
we all love Brandon Johnson, but his reign of terror is over. It's my honor to announce once
again from beautiful MacArthur Park, Los Angeles, Harmontown is now in session. Spencer
Crittenden, the Game Master extraordinaire. Did he get thinner or is he farther away from me right
now? Both. Did you get sexy candles? Oh, yeah. I love it. Why don't we bring out just just for
good fun a mayor. Let's call him Dan Harmon. Thank you. Jeff Davis, revoiced. Revoiced. I can talk
again. Yeah. Revoiced. Moist. The larynx is re-moist. Voiced. Maybe I can rap with you. Maybe you
can sing a tune. Maybe I can pee and poop. Maybe I can get a harpoon. Am I a whale? Yes. And I'm a
whaler. Riding on my ship. There she blows. It turns out it took three months to find out you
and I are bad at improv. I'm with the show. Okay. Not like we're going to hurt you. Welcome back,
everybody. It's good to see you all again. I missed you so much. Do you now have, are you like when
our friends have quadruple bypasses and they're like secretly, they're like, I can eat anything now.
I think I'm probably one and a half weeks away from being full like stage voice, but I get to go,
ha, I can do that now. And who didn't miss me going, ha, that's the best part of everything. You
can't do karaoke yet. I could, but I shouldn't. Right. Wait, what you got? Well, you could do,
you could do like George Michael, but not Neil Diamond. No, I could do Neil Diamond.
No, Neil, George Michael, like, well, you could do just the certain parts of George. Well, I guess
it would be nice if I could touch your body. That's like nice and easy. Just give me some hot tea.
That's because you're a tenor. I'm a baritone. I can go money talks. I can sing in the baritone.
You sing more in a tenor. Even though you look like Pavarotti. No, but he's a tenor. So yeah,
there you are. Yeah. What is it? What is a tenor? That's, so that's like, so it goes, it goes all
the way up to 11ers or what is the, it doesn't get any better. See, there's nothing written. So
actually you should be impressed by that. I don't, I'm not saying you have to be. It's just like,
if you're not, it's going to be a long night. But what, what, what key do you think, I'm not going
to play it so we don't get in trouble. What key do you think father figure is in? I don't know,
just like sing it, riff it. I don't know keys. Oh, just start singing it like whatever.
That's all I wanted. Something sacred, something special in your life. For just one moment,
just to be a baby. I don't know. Is that, is that, is that, is that an E? Is that an E sharp?
That's totally E sharp. Yeah. Is there such thing as an E sharp? Or is that F? It might be F.
I know it's like, I know it's like, I know it's A through F. See, I have a thing, my doctor, my
doctor told me that I have to do a thing every day called the, the swelling test where I have a
piano keyboard and I play a note and I have to, I have to find my ceiling. And if I, if I lose
my ceiling by half a step, be quiet for a day. If I lose my ceiling by a whole step, call her
because something bad's happening. But when she first gave it to me, it was G sharp four,
like in the fourth octave. I'm now C five. That's a fucking big jump. I don't know.
Right? Yeah. Dave Kline knows, Dave Kline comes from a family of Dave, can you give me a youp and
see C four? It's a C five. That was F. That was F and you're being a bully.
So okay, I have a question. It comes from two opera singers. I have some questions.
When you get your green screen elliptical, then Dave Kline is wearing a t-shirt and he's got the,
what do you call those things? Kettlebells? Kettlebells. What are you doing, Dave? You're
just, you're lifting kettlebells. This guy's working his ass off and you're just going,
youp, youp. That's not hard. That's harder.
Okay. All right. That scans. That scans. Dave, do you want to come up and talk about the workout?
That's good, Dave Kline up here, everybody.
I just want to narrate that Jeff went for two power moves and without power moves,
both times by Dave Kline. That was an impressive. Good to see you. Thanks for coming on stage.
Am I going to, am I becoming the fat guy in Harmontown? Because everybody now is fucking
fit as a fiddle. I know what the audience is thinking. You didn't have to introduce Dave.
We can tell from looking at him that he's the sculptor of your body.
You scream personal trainer. He also screams shampoo and conditioner.
This guy's hair is fucking magnificent. Look, I got a pretty serious athletic background.
I'm formally trained in the art of yoga. Got a 200 hour certification with the
national yoga alliance. Do yoga work. Shout out to yoga works.
I also have an illustrious swimming career, former state champion, New Jersey representative of the
USA zone competition, Columbia division one swim program, NCAA. YMCA national championship
qualifier. Let's go. I'm also pretty nasty on a pickup basketball court. I know it's a
podcast. It probably isn't podcast gold, but could you could you do a little exercise for us and
show us, like teach us one exercise? Sure. This is a classic exercise that comes from, I think,
I don't know, I think the punk movement really kind of got it down right. But what I think
physiology is all about is movement, power, spirit and linking your energy, mind and physiology into
a reality that you're comfortable with. I miss the show so much. So I'm going to give you one of
my favorite exercises that's ever been ever been done. It's got a shamanic element. It's got a lot
of cardio. Should the whole audience get up and try this with us? Yeah. Oh, I totally, totally
encourage anyone. Bring up as many people as you think should get on stage right now to do this
right now. If I can get seven volunteers, seven is a good number. One, two, three, four, five.
If you've got your hand up, get up here. Get out of here. Come on up here. Now I'm going to give
you an exercise that's not a traditional yoga element. It's a little bit sped up. My name is
Dave. It's nice to meet you. My name is Dave. It's nice to meet you. My name is Dave. It's
really nice to meet you. My name is Dave. It's nice to meet you. Shout out to the Guardians.
I love that. Shout out Dave Kline. Dave Kline. Dave Kline, nice to meet you. Did we get anybody
that's not in the alt right? I don't know. I don't know. We got all of 4chan up here. You're
missing, I think. Let's curve this around. Let's curve out the demographics. Okay. All right. I
didn't see Leon. Hello, ladies. We've got some lady exercises. All right. Now you're going to want
to stagger yourself. So one step back, one step forward. All right. All right. Now we're going
to start out slow because of the music. 4chan work out. Going to watch security video of Chinese
babies dying. Right here. Now you're going to shake it on down. Bring it up halfway. Bring it on back
down. Back up. Hey. Back down. Halfway on up. Now we're going to link the breathing. Exhale down.
Inhale with your arms up now. And down. Exhale. Halfway up. Inhale. Down. Exhale.
Inhale. Lift it on back up. Up, up, up. Inhale. Hold, hold. Break it on down. Freestyle.
Breathe however you want on this freestyle because I'm going to introduce the next one.
Let's hear it for our freestyle yoga expert. Let's hear it for him. Thank you.
All right. Now we're going to speed it up a little bit. We got anything a little bit faster?
Because what I wanted to do is a cardio movement from kind of the punk era. We're going to do
some hip bang. Wait, weren't you just telling us? We're going to head bang. That was what we were
learning. Okay. All right. That movement we just did is an integral part of yoga. It's the beginning
of the sun's salutation. All right. But now we're going to speed it up. Thrash metal long hair.
Furious energetics. All right. Yo yo, but you know what you are going to do? You're going to get all
the blood in your heart to come up to your noggin into your brain. We're going to head bang right
now. All right. It's the same motion as yoga. Just a little faster with a different fulcrum
energetics. So let's take a couple breaths of fire. All right. Take a nice deep inhale.
Hold. Now exhale in like 10 first.
Inhale. 10 short.
That's right. All right. We're getting the energetic going. It starts lighting the fire inside.
Same movement. I'm going to demonstrate where we're going with this. Now it's going to be a little
bit faster. Now that seems dangerous. I guess they're opting out. They're opting out.
Yeah. Most of them have have contacts in. So they're going to finish out. Finish out as we do any
good yoga practice with a cool down. Take a nice deep breath in for three. Hold for three. Nice
exhale out. Look, this world, there's a lot going on energetically, politically, personally, you
know, who knows. I got friends with financial problems that come into a yoga studio. They say
what I need is to just lay down. So here's what you need to do. Lay on down. This is a classic
yoga pose called Savasana, aka corpse pose. Corpse pose. They got names. You're going to lay your
hands down. All right. And now you got a choice here. If you put your palms down on the ground,
you're kind of a closed circuit and you're just kind of staying in your own zone and getting
your energetics kind of properly orbiting your spirit. All right. But on the other hand, come on,
orbit that spirit. You want to receive it. Orbit. You want to launch these planets. You're not
orbiting. No, no, no. But seriously, on the real, if you want to receive a little bit of an energetic
from the universe, palms up. That's all. You have a choice. No, no, on the ground, on the ground.
So legs out straight, everybody. Legs out straight, palms up, and just do three nice browns of four
count in, four count whole, four count out. That's it. Just three of them. All right. Well,
and in the meantime, Dan, how you doing? I'm good. I'm good. Thank you for the folks at home
exercise has been happening. Yeah. Oh, yeah. You might want to rewind, mute the volume and
just think about meundies for three minutes. That's fair. They make a nice undergarment.
And socks. And now onesies. But also think about subscribing to the video version of the podcast
because you could be looking at people laying down. That's right. All right. And when you're
all done, when you're all done, you can bring your knees up to the sky. You can bring yourself
up to a seated position. You can gently rise up with this newly energized spirit. You guys were
fucking phenomenal. I got to thank you for your fucking positivity and going along with a maniacal
session. Let's hear for Dave Kline and the freestyle yoga section and the solid gold yoga
dancers, everybody. Let's hear it from. All right. Everybody get off the stage. Let's hear it from
you guys. It's fantastic. I'm not sure what we accomplished, but I'm sure it was important.
Well, yoga. Oh, popcorn. All right. Yeah. I mean, I, so that's, that's what you do every morning.
I'm going to, yeah. And I'm going to try not to be phased by the fact that I thought he meant it
when he was saying all that stuff to me all the time. Then I was amazing and doing a great job.
We just said that to a bunch of strangers who just laid there. You know that these are non-performers
that just got up on the stage, did a weird thing and didn't even ask any questions.
And we're pretty good sports about it. That's pretty amazing. Well, but they didn't work as
hard as I do. Yo, who wants to see how hard he works? Yeah. We got it. We can't, I'm not trying
to get out of it. We can't keep this. Let's see how hard Dan Harmon works every day with Dave Kline.
I got to count for you. There's people listening to the podcast. We have to say things. I'm going
to say, I'm going to say real fast. 50, 40, 30, 12, 97, 65, 41. No, I can't, you, what, you, what,
you, they don't want to watch me plank on my elbows.
And they don't want to see you take your shirt off before you do it.
All the way, all the way, all the way. I wanted you to see my Minecraft for sure.
Oh, all right.
Body by Klein. Look, he's so much skinnier. He has it. Look at this. That's crazy.
Dude, look at this core. Look at this definition.
All right. Dan, do you want to call out any other podcaster right now and threaten them like a
wrestler? Just Chris Pratt's coming for you, Chris Pratt.
50, 40, 30, 12, 97, 65, 41, 50, 41, 50, 41, 50, 41, 52, 41, 52, 41, 52, 41, 52, 41, 52, 41,
52, 41, 52, 41, 53, 41, 53, 41, 54, 41, 54, 41, 54, 41, 54, 41, 54, 41, 54.
He's doing it. He's planking. This is a full plank, a push-up style plank.
He's drinking alcohol while planking. Oh my God.
He's drinking again while planking.
And the crowd are loving it. Jeff moves the alcohol.
He's going for another drink. Oh, he's losing it. But he's maintaining. He went for another.
He's still going. And he can't stop.
You can see Fatih setting in.
Jeff is, oh, Jeff put a drink on his back. This is a type of torture.
This is what murderers do to their victims.
He feels triumphantly, as if getting ready to masturbate.
You did it. Yeah. Yeah. Coming for you, Chris Pratt. Yeah.
I didn't really mean for you to take your shirt off. I was just doing a bit. No, I know. You didn't
say it, though I did. Now, when I say, no, that was fucking outstanding. That was
actually outstanding and amazing. Fucking great effort on that. But see, doesn't that sound the
same as when he sent it to those other people? That's similar enough. For me, it was worth losing
my voice just to see that. Oh, yeah. Oh, man. I had to go into a dark place. You got to do a
swelling test. You got to go do a swelling test. I do every day. Right now. Play a C5.
Anybody have a, who has a pitch pipe? I think Dave's got it. Can you send for, I have to do every
day. I have to get my C5. Yeah, you're still there. You're still there. I think it's like,
I think it's that C5. Yeah. I went to the desert with Cody to, he knows. Wait, do you have perfect
pitch? Sing C5 for me. That's just what Jeff was doing. That's amazing. Do you really have perfect
pitch? You need a really good relative or shitty perfect pitch. Well, relative to a note you've
recently heard, that's the same thing, but you have perfect pitch. Relative perfect pitch. Now,
what's the highest note you can hit? It depends on the day. Well, today is the day, Jack.
That's definitely an F5. Oh. Hit it again.
That's terrifying and amazing at the same time. Should we bring out Rob Schrab?
Rob Schrab, come on stage. Or maybe Rob Schrab taking a shift. He's certainly doing some tricks.
Yeah, why has he been so shy? He is normally. Let me tell you a quick story.
Steve Levy and Rob Schrab at the same time. That was the trick.
Yep, I'm going to take it. We're going to Levy. We're going to Steve. We're going to Schrab.
All right. I don't know if I was meant to come out on stage. It's kind of cold. But you did?
Well, hey. All right, knack it up. Everybody clean it up. Clean up the show. Come on.
All right, all right, all right. Come on, shape a show. Let's get some craft going on here.
Let me tell you a story. I went to the desert with Cody. Storytime.
Storytime. Storytime. Tim's Storytime. He's going to tell us a story. He's going to knit a yarn.
And this kid came out from the kitchen and to serve us our food, bringing the food to the table.
And he was very bashful. And he said, here you go. Careful. It's a hot plate. Mr. Harmon,
serving you has been my birthday. And I said, oh, is it your birthday?
And he said, yes, today's my birthday. And I was like, I wanted to say, well, technically,
that's not a compliment. You could hate me in serving you. It would be better if it wasn't.
Like he should have said, it is now. But it was his birthday. That's the implication. Serving
you has been my birthday kid. Did you put him on blast? Yeah. For doing that? Yeah, yeah. I went
back through his Twitter 10 years and I found some jokes about Monica Lewinsky that were
pretty cum-oriented, which is not really what's in right now. Was that kid James Gunn? Yes,
that kid was James Gunn. When you say a kid, how old? Like a teenager? I don't know. I mean,
I'm 45. Everyone's a kid. Only people that aren't kids are in a space station dying.
Spencer, why don't you play us something? Hey. On the piano. I'll tell you another
story. That's not really a story. It's another funny thing I wrote down that someone said.
I was watching a true crime show and one of the people said, one of those things where there's
like a cop trying to like, the cops are trying to, you know, they're trying to sound hard boiled.
And a guy said, it's like finding a needle in a basket of haystacks.
And he's like, I don't know. That sounds like it might be easier. That metaphor needed pushing up.
He solved the crime of metaphors. He just redefined. He's just miniaturizing haystacks to
the point where a bunch of them fit in a basket. Isn't that just a basket of hay? It's a hay basket.
I'd rather find a needle in a basket of hay than a haystack. Right.
Was that phrase must have been invented before magnets, right? Magnets? Yeah. Oh, right. Yeah.
Pretty easy. Before magnets that are powerful enough to suck a needle out of. High fives are
being exchanged. And that's not the sound of two high fives. He had two mics up to one high five.
And that's not the sound of four high fives. That's four. Ow. Ow. Too hard. You know how you,
you know how you do it. You aim for the other person's elbow. Okay. Yeah. That's the,
you got to make eye contact with their elbow.
I guess it's a bad trick. That works. I don't really have anything else. That was a two,
those are the two things. Yo, what about Noval? Yeah. What do you, what do you think is easier,
Dan, finding a needle in a haystack or finding a needle in a basket of haystacks?
Honestly, I mean, what if someone, what if it was their first time here?
I'll tell you what. Yo, you've been doing some interesting delvings into, you know,
the thinking about the history and future history of humanity. Shout out to Yuval Noah Harari,
author of sapiens and Homo Deus. We're getting deep into this shit in the mornings.
What were you saying? All the aerobics I was just hearing on the speaker, like going,
we have to say things. It's a podcast. Come on, people. We have to say things. It's a podcast.
Stop it. We have to say things. It's a podcast. Yeah, I said that. People, it's a podcast.
We have to say things. There's some hips on this too. Come on. Stop with this. You have to say
things. Come on. Yeah, I did read this book, Homo Deus, Homo Deus, Homo Deus. Sorry, that's how
you can remember it. That's good. By the author of sapiens, I was talking about the book sapiens
last time. This is a 2016 follow up, I think, Homo Deus. It's talking about what's to become of us,
where have we been and what's to become of us? Very eye-opening and then eye-punching and then eye-
closing, because it'll just make you want to roll over and wait for the dream slash nightmare of
our evolution and the way it's going to, which is us becoming robot people. Top two, screws in the
eyeball. Yeah. I'm sure that's accurate. Which of the screws into the eyeballs did you find most,
you know, or most memorable or interesting? Yeah, Dan. Oh. Yeah, which screws into the eyeballs?
Yeah, yeah. You got to say things. It's a podcast. People are paying money for the words.
I thought the most interesting aspect was tracing the evolution of human religion globally from,
you know, animism or animus, whatever that is, where you're like, you know, we were talking
about that last time, like, oh, my friend's a bird. He brought me fire and, you know,
he can fly and I can't and kind of on equal terms with everything around me. Also, my worst enemy,
my best friend, all these critters, and moving from that to polytheism, moving from that to
monotheism, and then we really have replaced that with humanism. Like, we, even if we don't want to
admit it and we want to talk about things like, I believe in God and all that stuff, we still are
having conversations about looking within ourselves, which wasn't always the case a long time ago.
Like you would actually like grab a sword and like run over to the Middle East with it because
you truly actually believed that something outside yourself was going to like make you a silver surfer
after you died. Like, like, like you really believed in it in the way that you believe
where Waze is telling you to go. Like, like it was a concrete thought. We still have that philosophy
these days. Was that, was that how the Crusades was? Yeah, like people, people back then really
believed that there was like an external force and we have evolved in terms of our philosophy,
even the religious among us, even a zealot is somebody who's still saying, you know,
I've looked within myself and I know what God's mission is, kind of like they're not waiting for
like a cloud to like come and help save them from pigeons or something. Like they're like nobody,
like we all, we've all evolved into humanism, the worship of humanity. And then, and then taking
that and saying like, well, there's two big branches of humanism that are kind of, you know,
at odds. And like the one that's one out is liberal liberal humanism, which is basically
saying, look, I don't know what's going to happen tomorrow, but I know it's important to be human.
You know, and then the other one is the evolutionary humanism. And a lot of us probably go back and
forth between these things. But in our current political state, you can see these things magnified
to the point where they could kill ants on and burn wood, because it's like the extreme forms of
that shit in the way that you pull up a lever and a pulling booth is like, it's like, God damn it,
the fucking like the evolutionary humanism is like, I love humanity so much that I don't want
that person slowing us down. I don't want that person getting away with anything. I'm tired of
saying that that person's equal to that person. When we all know that's not true, some things are
more valuable than others like, let's stop fucking around and let's get better. I say that with a
mocking voice because that's not the team I fight for because I don't, how do you, how do you stand
on that slope without slipping into the fucking Moff Tarkin territory? Like, I don't, I don't,
I don't know, maybe it says more about me than you that I can't, I can't go near that fucking slope.
I choose not to, I don't want to stand there. I prefer the liberal humanism, which is like,
but he, he tell, the interesting thing is that he tells, he earns his trajectory by explaining
where we've been and talking about how like World War II was like this kind of like grand
sort of climax of the, of, of, it was, it was a, it was a battle during which like liberal democracy,
it was this close to extinction because it was catching a left punch from socialism.
All the poor people waking up, you can see this in your, your friends, you were having these
conversations right now with the, the socialists saying, hey liberals, you know, you, like, you
are rich and you are privileged and you are saying that you want everybody to be free because if
they're free, they're free to do what they did yesterday and do the same thing tomorrow and
you're free to be rich and they're free to be poor. And, and socialists are like, we're catching
on to you, you're not, you're an elitist and, and God, get that left punch coming. And then
at the same time leading up to World War II, there's this right punch coming from your,
your little characters around the world who are going, hey, I'm poor too and you know what
sick and tired to say and that guy's beautiful when the truth is he's ugly.
And I don't want to listen to this song. When I want to listen to Wagner, it's beautiful,
it's the best music ever. And while I'm tired of fucking around and I'm going to troll the world
and, and prove that everything is like, like needs to be better and I stop lying. Everyone
tells the truth. Life is ugly and we can make it more beautiful if we fucking eat each other.
And, and both of those guys, you get a left fist and a right fist coming at the people with all
the money who were like living high in the hog and who could only win that war that, that, that
chapter really by forming an alliance with socialism. Like that is like, we could only really
win World War II by teaming up with Russia. But that's just a microcosm of, of the general,
general facts that as far as these data fields are concerned, these philosophies, it's like
liberal democracy was, it's sort of like saying, hey, can't we all just get along? Can't we all
just hang out? And it's a, it's a, your crimes are unintentional kind of when you say that your
crimes are silence, you know, your crimes are, you're not really helping necessarily. And that
needed to be fused with, hey, it's great, you be poor, other people can be rich. I, we had to pair
that with the, I believe in that so much, I'd like to help the poor. Like that kind of fusion came
out of, of that chapter, which is the only way that this liberal isistic, like humanism beat
out the evolutionary humanistic model. But the punchline is that it matters to us a lot, but
it doesn't really matter on the grand scale. You can tell this guy is like, those are just roads
that sort of like go like this and I'm waving my hands in a nonsensical motion for those.
He's like doing a double helix situation. They, it's like, I consider it a great thing that one
side one out of the other, but kind of all roads lead to a distinct lack of Rome in that, like,
no matter, all, it's like all humanism, which is the only thing that survived, like no one's out
there like, don't, I worship a black cat from outer space that really exists. Like they, like we, we
are all humanists around the globe. So these like factions, these warring factions of humanists
are all going to one way or another be slaves to data technology that you're not going to be,
we're not going to be able to say that our goal is for humanity to be either happy or evolved and
improved. Those are just, both of those teams would eventually just get swallowed up by algorithmic
thinking. Because even if you're the most loving, like, like, let's just play it as it lays, open
your heart, be a good person kind of person, like, it's only going to be a matter of time before that
person has to admit that doing that without using data that we've been covering about people
is actually just willful disobedience of, of making people happy. Like, it's, we're vast,
we're quickly approaching a threshold according to this author where, like, computers are gonna,
not computers, like we think, I still think of computers as like a laptop and all the shit,
whatever, the fucking information field that we're creating, the internet of all things,
is going to know us better than we know ourselves. It's going to be, we're not going to be able to
keep up with people who are willing to let data tell them who to date tomorrow, what to eat,
where to put their kids in school, like, like, how to, how to approach their philosophy, like,
no matter what your philosophy is, algorithms are going to be, it's like, like the way I put it,
I'm not paraphrasing him, I'm just, like, you can't, you can't shake your fist at a choo-choo
train faster than a train. Like, you can stand next to a train track and go like, I hate that darn
train track, like, and you can be right, like, train tracks are ugly, the thing blows smoke,
it's beautiful next to the train track, you could live in a nice log cabin, but that,
everybody on the train is gonna fuck more and make more people than the person in the log cabin,
so that's just the basic. So where does that put your philosophy right now? Like, where are you at?
I think it puts all of our philosophies in this kind of, like, just sort of newly perspective,
like, it's just like, oh, so that's the struggle we're having right now, but then it's like, oh,
does it really matter almost? Like, because it's like, like, we're so close to an age,
and he wrote this book in 2016, like, January, I think, and so I would think that he would have
more paragraphs about, told you so, if, if, if, if while he was writing it, he was like, working this,
like, shit happening, because he's kind of predicting it in this book, and I'm like, oh,
shit. What is he predicting? Well, just the idea that we're going, that democracy is going to start
to be assailed by data, that, that, that algorithms, and he gives this example, and it's, I think it's
just blind, like, he's not, he didn't read about Cambridge Analytica, he didn't, he's just giving
the example, he goes like, Facebook accounts have more information about people than they have about
themselves, and they did a study where people said as much, they, they gave people's closest
friends a test about their friends, they said, how well do you know, Jeff Davis, answer these
questions, and then they kept the algorithmically predicted answers to themselves, and theirs were
more accurate, that Facebook itself can answer questions about you more than your friends can,
and then on top of it, more than you can, that, because we don't remember shit, like, we, we
live a fucking weird experiential life, but our narrative is like, it's hardwired, so the guy
gives this example, it's a little hokey, but it's also just kind of poetic of, of like, you're
going to go on a date in the future, and you, you say to your Cortana Google thing, you go, I don't
know who I should, I got Carl called me, and Jerry called me, like, Jerry's awesome, and he makes me
laugh, but Carl's, Carl has more respect for me, I think, I don't know, I'm so confused, my parents,
like, so I don't know what to do, and like, we'll quickly be approaching a time when your, your,
this, this Google Cortana Siri thing, like, whatever this is, will say to you, hey, listen,
I know you better than you know yourself, like, I'm not talking down to you, I'm just here to help,
and I know, I know you so well that I know you're not going to like what I have to tell you,
but I have monitored your heart rate on every date you've ever been on with both of these guys,
and I have monitored their heart rates, and I, where I rather, I've talked to their Cortana
Google series, and, and, and, because you guys, you guys gave limited authorization to, to do a
little brokering of, of the, of the adrenaline, of the, you know, endocrine levels and the things
that you've felt, and the, and I've, I've read all of the books that you've read, I've even read the
books, finished the books that you fell asleep reading, and I've noted the pull-up parts where
you fall asleep, I've noted the paragraphs that you have to read over and over again, because
some, some of them you want, they're important to you, some of them you, you're too dense to, to get,
like, and all of this for me is information, and for you it's just fleeting gas, and you don't,
if you get a cold, you might vote wrong, whereas I know what you march for, and I know what t-shirts
you buy, and I know how you genuinely feel on average for the last 15 years of your life,
and I'm telling you 87% Carl, that's all I'm gonna say, and also wear the green dress, it makes you
look better, like, like, you, you've been retaining water lately, and you tend to blah, blah, blah,
blah, like, it's gonna tell you, it's gonna be better at telling you shit that's gonna actually
make you succeed in, in, by our definitions of success, better than your aunt can.
What's bad about that though? There's nothing bad, it's like this, this guy is continually
pummeling, it's meat tenderizing, it's just like you, it's just bashes humanity into like this,
it's like, he's like, just admit it, we're going to merge with data. Yeah, like, especially like,
you're into this kind of stuff, like, does that scare you, or do you, or do you dig that?
No, because I think the bad aspects of that, like, society using evil data to control people's minds,
that's already happening, so like, it's not, it's gonna get worse the same way everything's
always getting worse, but I think the potential for good is good, I don't know, there's one
government, I don't know where it is, it's in like, the Netherlands or something, I don't know,
but they, they have a section of, of government where they enact legislation by science, so they
use data to determine what's probably the best policy to enact, then they do a test run of that
policy, take data, and then they analyze that policy and do another test policy, until they have
policy that they can actually enact that they know is going to work, and it doesn't have to do with
voting, it's just data and knowledge and science, and that's probably better than governance, I can
see how that can be hijacked by manipulators, but on its own, but that's all, that every system is
like that. But if it flows freely enough, hacking, it shouldn't matter too much, like, especially
things that don't have to do with privacy. Do we all, do we all have to fuck Carl? Yeah, well,
87% of us wear green dress and body shame ourselves. I'm, I'm more considered about this green dress.
Yeah, it, it, it makes a pretty compelling argument for like, you know, right now we're
worried about voting, voting fraud, and like, how do we keep the, the polls honest, and hopefully
we'll get through that, but there is going to come a point where we're going to start, if we're
going to evolve, we're going to be asking ourselves at a certain point, why are we, why are we going
to the poll to do this, when the, the poll is supposed to be a measurement of, of all of these
like processors that are supposed to be networked together, that are living their life together
and having a social contract together, so why, why go every two years and four years for these
referendums that are like rep, that are, that are purposely boiling things down to an obfuscated,
like, kind of set of data, as opposed to just, you know, like if the algorithms get good enough
at regulating society and making things fair for people, if that's its directive, hey, Skynet,
make things fair, okay, we'll do, we'll, we'll go through phases where we're like, Skynet,
I'm watching you, don't go Terminator on us, haha, I saw that movie too, I understand the
reverence, but seriously, I'll get you to work on time, and, and we'll, we'll kind of like, let
ways get us to work on time a few times before we're willing to say, all right, just, just pick
the root, just pick the root, and then after a while, if everyone says, just pick the root,
we're not gonna get any more upset about it picking everyone's root and collectively ushering us into
ways that get everyone home any more than we get upset about, hey, who chose the shape of this
aluminum can? I think big vending machines behind this soda, you know, like, we don't really, we're
not like, how do you know, I'm boxed out of whether or not this is a perfect cylinder, like, we just
kind of trust a bunch of shit after a while, or just like, okay, I guess that's how soda should
be shaped, I don't know, I grew up on it, and, and, and yeah, any hacking, any kind of hacking
stories will just be like, see, that's why you need more security, like, these North Koreans gave you
a flu, like in your nanovirus protection, like, like, your kid got a cold because of North Korea,
guess we need to upgrade, like, and anybody that's a Luddite is just gonna get sick and die sooner,
oh well, look, I'm out, like, like, I always, I always finish these books, I get a pit in my
stomach, and then I'm like, just get to the part where you say this won't happen for 50 years,
and that's what he does at the end, he's like, of course this could take 50 years, or 100, I'm
like, peace, I just, I just want people to find my one-eyed Willy skeleton with a Minecraft laptop,
like, fucking, what, is this a booby, what did he want, he tried to close the laptop and a fucking
bowling ball falls on you, for no reason, I mean, there's no treasure, what the fuck were those
pirates doing, what the, what the fuck was, what were they doing, like, how, how, how, let's go into
this cave, it's raining, all right, but just for a little bit, right, just for a little bit, it's
raining, and I'm getting me patched with. Okay, I understand the Spanish are chasing us to Seattle,
and, uh, I just, I just want to make sure, Willy, Willy, you have a tendency to overdevelop
things, and I want to make sure, as a pirate who has been honored to work with you, that you don't
go into a tailspin of, right, right, okay, we could have been in there three times by now,
okay, all right, you don't have to high road me, all right, let's, let's hide, speaking Spanish,
let's get into the cave, let's hide in the cave, because it's raining out, okay, it's raining in
the Spanish, okay, let's make sure, you know what, let's seal this, let's seal it up behind us, I'll
seal it up with cement, okay, you know what, uh, make sure the cement, uh, is wet, well, that it,
you know, just make sure there's like a kind of omega protocol where, if the ship needs to go
back out, that there's something that can trigger the ship leaving, that you're sealing, don't seal
us in, to, yeah, well, yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, what's going on? Oh, fuck, goddammit, the Spanish
found us, I knew we shouldn't have gone to Seattle, look, hey, all right, you're either
gonna need to be, join, join one-eyed Willie and the pirates, I promise you, riches beyond your
wildest imaginings, what's in it for me, what's in it for me, uh, well, also I speak English because,
you know, the English, treasure is in it for you, okay, what we request is a bit of help setting
a few moderate booby traps, okay, that is my, that is my, because we can't have this repeated,
does anyone else know, you can't, we can't have more of you, I'm just a, just a lonely Spanish
pirate, all right, all right, all right, let's talk more work, does anyone know piano? I have
an idea for a booby trap, uh, I'm not the best with instruments, oh, see, see, you know, you've
taken piano, I know piano, okay, I'm gonna get ten, ten of our guys to dig a bottomless pit,
right, uh, or find one, fuck it, you know, maybe we'll get lucky, oh, I, I, I would, uh, pit,
you found a pit, no, no, it's, this place is built next to a giant pit, oh, great, well,
let's build one of these concrete seals, am I doing, am I still with the wall, I mean,
yes, you keep up at the wall, all right, okay, I didn't stop, actually, you know what, what,
can I just one memo before we start all these booby trap projects, yes, can we make sure,
cement's drying, can we make sure every day, every day, no matter how much booby track work we
have to do, we all meet back here in the galley of the ship and sit down in case we all die at the
same time, that seems like very, very sound advice, it's just, you know, I know it's a rare chance,
but if it happens, boy, can you imagine finding this ship, and it's like, whoa, they all died
around the table, all right, I'm gonna go find the piano and put it next to the pit, what am I
doing, I forget, you give me a music, a sheet music for scales, and tell Tony to stop driving
like a maniac, or I swear I'm gonna stab him in both eyes, until to the point where bone grows
over his eye sockets, wedging the knives in, I feel like you need to calm down, I think cement's
drying, you're right, you're right, sorry, has anyone put the giant octopus in the water?
No, no, no, we're not gonna use that, we decided, we took a couple pictures that didn't work out,
we'll fix it in post, it was a good, it was a good idea there, it was a good idea there,
but we just didn't, it just didn't come together the way, and the cement is dry,
it's dry, I didn't, I was waiting for you to please talk and do the omega door,
I had the piano right next to the bottom of the pit, oh shit, okay, he dropped his pee,
you know, I predict that that's gonna keep happening, we know what we need to do, we need
to make a safety water slide that leads right to the ship for anyone who runs into too much trouble,
so they can just skirt around all of the tracks, no matter whether they fail or succeed,
they should just be able to ultimately just slide down a water slide and get right to the treasure,
hey, already done, already done, oh great, all right, hello, oh god, he's a ghost,
I am the god Poseidon, oh, who put this guy in charge, this guy doesn't know what the fuck I had to do,
oh shit, I'm just a god Poseidon, but this guy seems like he doesn't, he's all over the shop,
yeah Aquaman in the house, what the fuck is going on over here, oh shit Aquaman,
oh shit, hey Aquaman, look at this guy over here, he's making rules and fucking another thing,
what the crossover is going on, what, it's Aquaman, what the hell, I mean, I, yeah, anyways,
well it just seems like, it just seems like, it seems like those pirates spent a, spent a
little, so okay, that was the goonies, yeah, okay, that was the goonies, yeah,
yeah, I was in a commercial for the goonies, oh really, yeah, what do you mean, that's the end of
that story, like you were saying like, I just saw it and it's great, no, my dad worked, my dad worked
for a TV station and like back then like local channels did a lot more legwork than they currently
do relative to like the top-down advertising stuff, so he cut the local ad for like the TV
showing of the goonies and his genius idea was like having his kids get sucked into the television
set where they're going through all these goonies scenes that they're green screened into, so,
what the fuck, what the fuck, what, how long have I known you, why are you first telling us this now,
how did you, where is this, it took me that whole sketch, why are we watching it, it took me that
whole sketch to realize you were doing the goonies, where, where, I did not know that this was what
you cared about, I understand that, that was a long, long peer for you to walk off of, you know
what we were talking about, the goonies, but we've known you for, since the fucking documentary,
I didn't know that's something that matters to people, you haven't told us that you got zapted to
a television green screened in front of shit, where is it, where is it, I want to watch it now,
it doesn't like, yeah, where, so, where, I don't know, well someone, can you guys look for it
while we're doing this, I don't know what to search for, can you call somebody, don't pay attention
to the comedy, call somebody, I could, I could text my dad, let's see what he says, text your dad,
what a genius idea, are you fucking kidding me, did you have the beard back, yeah I had the beard,
just to warn you, if you try to text your dad, there's no signal up here, and a lot of people
will think you texted your dad two weeks in a row, and they'll be really disappointed to hear
that the messages didn't actually go out, oh, I can't believe this shit, I'm hearing, I can't
believe it, why can't you, why are you surprised, I don't understand, why, what are you talking about,
no, because I was a kid sitting on a couch, and my dad took maybe 12 seconds of footage,
and then he cut an ad out of it, like, I wasn't like on it, I was at home, I don't, what's cool
about it, you have to explain what's cool about it, well, don't you ever laugh at Tim and Eric
stuff, well, sure, it probably looks kind of funny that you're getting green screen zapped
into the Goonies, and also it's you, and you probably don't have a beard, and there's probably
a lot of funny elements about it, it's like finding out that after knowing Jack Black for
a thousand years that he was the guy in the pitfall commercial, but that's good, because like
pitfall was an enduring game and commercial, and Goonies isn't well remembered, yeah, no, not at all,
I get it, I can see the comparison, no one cares about the Goonies, nobody cares about me, I care
about you, oh man, I want to see this commercial, I got, that's what I wasn't getting, I got high
with Dick Donner, the director of the Goonies, but I didn't know that it was Richard Donner,
yeah, he was just... It's Dick to Jeff, because he got high with him. I didn't know, I didn't know
it was Richard Donner who created like Superman and directed Superman. The creator of Superman,
Richard Donner, I remember when I created Superman, I remember the first drawing of
Superman when I was... He directed Superman. I was Richard Donner and I drew, wrote and created
Superman before making the movie Superman and the Goonies. I'm on your side. I'm on your side.
I'm Richard Donner, Dick Donner to my Google's friends. How many of you guys, honestly, like by
applause and you know... That was a good Richard Donner. I'm predicting 8% some of you guys who
are on the cusp that are going to do that, you're going to fake this to make yourselves feel younger.
So that's margin of error 8%, but applaud if you didn't get the Goonies references.
Okay, that's a margin of 8%, that's like, yeah, so like four people. Okay, I'm still...
Applaud if you didn't enjoy yourself anyway. I'm actually kind of sick. I've never thought that
that movie... Reddit is going. Schrabs clapping exaggeratedly.
I didn't get... Oftentimes, I don't hear the first half of what Rob says, so I just catch
him on the tail and I'm like, what is happening? That's all that matters. But I would have been
fine, by the way, if it was the whole audience. I would have been a little regretful of making
you listen to 10 minutes of radio play about Goonies, but... Why are these chairs taped off for
you, sir? Can you read off those names on that tape? Bright Bart? Like the supremacy.
And Hickenbotham. Okay, these are fuckers that I invited.
Where? You there? Born in Hickenbotham? So in the future... I thought you were...
Jeff... You have seats up front of the fucker, your fucking bum... Walk it down here and get
your... In the future, we'll have Jeff tell you that we're roping off seats for you. That way,
you'll know. This guy's name is Hickenbotham? I was late, I didn't want to interrupt.
All right, get down there. Thank God you didn't do that.
That's not his fault. That's not his fault. Somebody's name born like Jason Bourne with an
E and someone's name is Hickenbotham, which sounds like a made-up name. It is a weird...
Like you picture Jason Bourne when you picture... And then Hickenbotham, you picture like a
jug band. Welcome Hickenbotham and Bourne, everybody. Here's Hickenbotham and Bourne's He-Haw Act from
years ago. Hey, Jason, is it true that...
You want... You want to start?
Yeah, I wanted to come up from the cornstalk, but he's in a place...
Do you want to start from the top?
Till the music goes away.
Look what happened. It looks like another Hickenbotham and Bourne sketch.
Okay, all right. Well, it's not going to hold up, but that's okay.
Hey, hey...
Hey, hey, Bourne. Yeah, Hickenbotham.
Is it true when you sit in any room, you always are aware of where the exits are
and how to field strip any weapon?
Yeah, but I still can't get my ex-wife to stop taking elimony.
He-Haw!
Now, I know you saw the Goonies, but I also know I got away with that because
you've never seen He-Haw. I've barely seen He-Haw, and I'm a test tube baby.
That's how old I am.
Yeah, they strip up behind like plywood corn and told jokes.
Yeah.
Very good.
Hey, duck, did you- I heard an invisible man can't outshine your cornpone.
Say what?
They also would have a bit which where they would have like,
they would have this old man with glasses and a mustache sitting in a window
miming like he's wiping the window, but there was no glass, and then you would hear off camera,
hey grandpa, what's for supper? Well, we've got corn on the cob and rice and beans,
and we also got some green beans too.
Yum, yum, and then they would go back, and then that was it, that was it.
That was the best, they did it every single episode.
And remember Roy Clark and what's his name?
They would sing that she met another and she was got,
but like the gimmick was they'd sing the same song every time, but then the runner was that
they would they would in each other's spaces and then they would like break and laugh.
There was a lot of, the 70s culture was all about people breaking and laughing at what they were
doing, so like the cannonball run was like-
Yeah, it was like the hillbilly version of Laughin where-
Yeah, that's exactly.
More progressive.
You could get away with a lot of just like, you barely had to-
My wife told me, honey, it's our 50th wedding anniversary tonight, let's run upstairs and
have sex, and I told her I cannot do both.
I might look hard to get, but I can be had.
These are hee-haw jugs.
Yeah, I think it's time to introduce the band, and the band would all get up and-
Hello, my name's James.
They'd all get up and shake hands.
You know what would be interesting, because I was thinking, oh you're like a digital Henny
Youngman, and I was thinking, it'd be interesting to do like, no one's in like a full new wave,
like Gary Newman version of Henny Youngman, like a guy that just like looks like a corpse,
and he's got like baggy eyes, and he just has like goth hair, and he tells these like
one-liners, and then does like Gary Newman's things.
My wife came to me and told me that she doesn't want to see me anymore.
I said, I can't riff a one-liner.
I said, why don't you poke your eyes out?
Me and my cars, me and my car, friends are electric.
It's just Zach Galifianakis, but the piano's electric.
I mean, look, I don't care if what I want to see is compatible with the planet anymore.
I'm very comfortable retiring from the earth, I just want to-
What's one thing that you're comfortable not seeing?
Well, I'm still kind of getting used to like the Twitter addiction,
like I've been off of Twitter for a month now.
You've lost like 40 characters.
I still have like a kind of like residual like sense of loss, like a phantom limb.
I mean, like a decade is a long time to express yourself and connect to others
in one specific medium.
Even my generation isn't used to such stability.
Things usually change faster than Twitter even did.
I still feel like a kind of like, oh, like the myth of the soldier who like my arm hurts,
and it's like your arm got blown off.
It's like you have this like, I'm like, I should tweet this.
Kind of like you still have this sort of like electrical impulse.
Like that's a tweet, but you can't tweet it.
And then because of that subsides, it's very much like because I quit smoking.
I smoked from 18 to 32.
So kind of a comparable addiction like level as far as like what to get over.
And so if it is like smoking, then I then I guess like maybe a month from now,
it'll parabolically get to the point where I'll be like, oh, did I used to tweet?
You know, like because I forget that I was ever a smoker.
But like that first couple months is like, God damn it.
What the fuck?
Your whole neurology is based around this minute to minute like flowchart.
It's just like a whole section of your flowchart is taken out.
And it's tough because we are none of us like we are right to not admit
that it's important to us.
Like why would we want to say that?
We know that it's stupid.
And so that actually makes it harder, same as with cigarettes.
Because cigarettes don't say, it's good for you.
Like they show like a cowboy going like, I'm just fucking do what I fucking want.
You know, like the messaging of cigarettes is like fuck, fuck society and fucking die
before you could fucking kill me.
That's a great commercial for cigarettes.
Good luck killing me, mother fucker.
Can't shoot a corpse.
That really is kind of the message.
I'll be dead 40 seconds before you kill me.
But yeah, so it's those kind of like benign little things.
Like I work what I'm hoping will return is like the blogging instinct or something.
I think I have so I so miss my 27 year old self.
I miss my I miss that that kid that that was so trustful of the internet.
And so like so actually like appropriately self loathing just enough that all he wanted
was to actually just splay himself scatter himself against the rocks of the internet
and say, yeah, look at every fucking shitty little piece of me and choke on it.
Like I like that guy that I think that guy's punk rock and interesting and
but I don't know if at 45 you can.
I don't know if it's healthy to emulate that guy.
We all know that's what 45 year old guys do.
They try to emulate 27 year olds and then they the result is a little messy.
It results in a sunroof basically sunroof with a big spot.
What about doing like a diaristic thing like Davis Derrister's where he writes,
you know, like little shirts.
Well, that's what I'm basically I'm hoping that that that maybe that this Twitter
that that Twitter point of the neurology will that that it represents like a cauterized
like thing that that will force a new neurology pattern that that that behind that is an impulse
to share and and explore and that it will be forced after a while.
I don't want to force it that it will it will grow like and I'll go like, damn,
I just want to fucking write like I'm waiting to my therapist said like you have to create a new
personality that doesn't isn't linked to your brand and your fame and all these things because
these things are those things are not like you're you're you're nostalgic for an age before you
were famous and and so that kid is shooting a slingshot at the moon and that's freedom of
expression. That's really like that's when you're that's when you're hot and you're interesting
and you're saying things that like people want to listen to and then you like so if you if you
have any hope you really what you really need to and you want to share your thoughts online what you
what I need to do is like keep an actual diary like I did when I was 27 but it's like the difficult
thing is like I need to like become a different person I need to like just be some random person
who has zero followers on monday and bachmann books bachmann books yeah yeah be a richard bachmann
be a bachmann but it's but but it's I mean I tell you need to be a bachmann bachmann am I being
a pain in the ass Dan just to suggest again that like you you you knuckle down and write features
that the stuff that you want to get off your chest and don't like like do do the thing that's the
scariest I have jobs and stuff that'll be very fulfilling and and and all that stuff but I'm
talking about like the the kind of like driftwood part of the stuff that's still part joy and part
what I am good at like that like like I have I'm obviously like so focused on Rick and Morty
right now and and don't want a drop of myself to risk like not going into that barrel but the
truth is that there's a bunch of me that's of no use to Rick and Morty and I would I would like to
think that I'm still capable of like writing of like of going like this is the day I had this is
how I feel about the world this is this is this is what I want to say to anyone who finds this
after I'm dead for me like as a friend of yours I'm gonna hear most of what's already on your mind
because we hang out but I would like to have it in paper form I would like to have that as a me
too I want to go back to that that's what I'm saying like I feel like when I remember when
Twitter came out because I was I was I was Spencer's age when my space happened and I remember walking
with my friend Stephen Notley who's been on this podcast he I remember I remember him as the
literally the first person that said the word blog to me and we were walking back from the
rustic Inn to my my place in Las Feliz and he was he was talking about technology and how excited he
was and and he said like oh and people are doing these blogs now and I'm like what what's a blog
and he's like oh it's just like this crazy thing it's like this cultural revolution where people
are keeping these online diaries and they're just sharing whatever like it's like like there's like
there's an there's a guy that is an artist for Disney and he just says whatever the fuck he
wants to say like he works at Disney but it's like it's hard for us to understand that but back
then it was like it was kind of like a loophole the internet was like sort of like in your wildest
dreams anyone's ever gonna listen to this because it's still what Dan rather thinks that's important
and we we exited that age so blindingly fast that we can't even remember that it was like
we went to the internet to actually put messages in bottles and we're like wouldn't it be hilarious
if anybody ever found this and and and like that culture was so interesting I don't know if we
can ever get it back but I I remember when Twitter started happening how unmistakable it was it was
as clear as as as the difference between cocaine which I have snorted numerous times to to great
end and like talked about improv for six hours with people the only other people who on coke would
want to talk about improv for six hours and then I remember getting that key bump of crystal like
like like in a bathroom where it was like and it was like this burn and it was like what the
fuck is wrong with your coke and and that friend going that wasn't coke I was like yeah it was shiny
and it was like that was crystal meth and it was like it was ground up and I was like
good why do I want to go home and like like violate my sofa like like I don't want to talk to anyone
about improv but I want to build a rocket I don't know what I want it was just a different thing
and it didn't really matter if it was better or worse it was just the fact that it kind of made
the other thing obsolete and and I because I read and I remember what Twitter it was like it was
like oh micro blogging and I was like I noticed I was like tweeting and people were making fun of
Twitter and they're like oh you know because Twitter would say what's going on and then you'd
answer going uh I don't know and everyone was like tweet I don't know what the fuck is this what's
this shit what is the funny um and and then it was like you just noticed I was like oh I'm not
blogging anymore I why would I when there was this rush like like who was I kidding about why I was
blogging and yet the irony is that the the the discipline was more admirable also also the
blogging thing was a way of micro writing where you could have been putting down things on paper
in there could they could have been novels or short stories or diaristic the big catch 22 is
that no you know this is where I want to let all of us off the hook it's like I mean like we got to
we got to accept that the fact is that we're motivated by by a lot more than craftsmanship
we just simply it is really hard to tell somebody to keep a journal and put it under their bed
every night there's a couple people out here maybe are like what do you mean that's the easiest
thing in the world I love doing it you fucking won the neurological lottery because there is this
like like insidious like weird like lobe of your brain that is goes back to when you're a chimp I
think that's just like yeah but when you're a kid and there's no internet writing in a in a spiral
notebook about how your day went I have five spiral notebooks filled with my dumb ass 16-year-old
thoughts because there wasn't enough internet back then for me to be that narcissistic in in in digital
form and if there was Twitter when I was that age I wouldn't have written these obnoxious essays
is it about the immediacy of it like if you I think it's just well I think it's just what we're
seeking like if you get a job writing a tv show or a film and you go okay I have to work on this I
get notes it all goes it takes months and months maybe years and years for you for you and Rob to
write a thing together or you alone to write a thing is it the immediacy yeah I think it's the
ratio I think it is it's like like like to take a little piece of what you just said if you get a
job doing something like the like it's like Dorothy Parker said like I I hate writing I love having
written but also like I like I can't I can't give you I can't give you a first draft but I love
closing the deal the right one like like that day that you run off of the Warner Brothers a lot and
you're like they fucking bought it what the fuck talking robots meet a spongebob you run out to the
barn you're like I'm gonna tell spongebob's gonna say this and then this robot dick's gonna come on oh my
god this is gonna be the best movie ever and then like the and then you're like you wake up the next
day and you're like I got a fucking dopamine rush off of selling that movie I'm not gonna write it
if Dorothy if Dorothy Parker or Winston Churchill or Juno Barnes or like like like all these hilarious
like all the Algonquin roundtable writers had Twitter they wouldn't have written shit they
would just go oh I get the dopamine rush of having said one little epigram and made everybody
fucking freak out and then I can go to bed and do drugs forever it's really what we're good at I mean
again that's a that's a not to drive it into the ground but that's that sapiens book like it doesn't
mention Twitter I don't think once but it's very it's glaring it's throbbing off of that book when
it talks about like the what I was talking about how we defeated Neanderthals and Homo erectus because
of our predilection for gossip like our it's it's it's eerily uplifting and downtrodding to
learn that your species is doing all the things that it's currently doing not as some weird by
product of sentience which is this like race from animal to god but that exactly what we're doing
right now is exactly the thing that we've always been good at and is the we tweeted the Neanderthals
out of existence you we expect expect that to be well we have our our our gossip our particular
our ability to to to understand things beyond a hundred people is how we beat all of the other
forms of human his technical term for it was that sapiens developed like sentience and then
subjectivity the ability to think abstractly and then when you can relate abstract ideas it's
gossip so like if I say to you I go hey did you hear that this guy Jeremy Johnson like like what
he said about like how we should kick the Neanderthals ass like you we we are we our species was able
to to reach that Neanderthals couldn't do that they couldn't go like hey you did you hear what
Ugg said about what it's it's just like like they they they were arguably more intelligent than us
on like a local level like they like we probably I think we would have really gotten along with them
could we do a scene where a almost sapiens meets a Neanderthal and tries to try to gossip with
try to gossip with with a Neanderthal okay please give us a music cue
do stand up from the corn do corn husk no no it's more of a scene right i'm coming i'm visiting
your cave i'm coming around and i think i could i suggest could i make a suggestion that the okay
well i'll do okay hey okay is it all right you're you're hello uh hello hello what huh hi sorry ah
hi sorry don't don't throw a spear at me hey hi yes hi uh i'm ball mar my species just moved
uh into the field uh beyond the mammoths uh uh tree um is that what you call it by the way i
don't even know um anyways i brought a fruit cake um which we don't we we we do it when we move in
we bring people fruit cakes um hi uh are you a Neanderthal is that racist sorry i don't tree yeah
tree the the the mammoth tree and uh wow you're you have a hug yeah hi uh bow bow mar tree yes
yeah i brought you here here look what i brought you a cheese i brought you a cake no those aren't
trees that's a tree that's a fruit cake thank you yeah hey look at this art will you look at this
art yeah trees yeah thank you yeah yeah did you do this did you make this this art instead of saying
please right trees thank you i like you i like you do you like me
no why just because we're neighbors we want to get along like god forbid we don't get along
you know there's a million kinds of fox there's a million kinds of bear you know what they say
there could be a million kinds of human we don't want we don't want all but one of us to go extinct
that's not a solution i think we should get along
oh well okay
is that supposed to happen okay all right you're wiping it just smelling it honey honey honey
honey i'm busy okay
i'll go back i'll i'm sorry i'll go back to the hot rock
is that your wife your mate uh your partner i don't want to offend i don't know what you guys do
i'm sorry that sounded okay all right well i feel like
okay is that is that a sign of is that does that mean welcome honey honey just just tell
him hi hi hi hi i'm bow mar the kids the kids are upstairs are you just gonna keep pooping
oh you have kids oh i have kids too that makes us the same way we both have kids i i'm gonna
you want me to no no you get the kids keep talking to your friend i'll go hi i'm bow mar
hi i'm not it's not like don't talk to her do not talk to her
okay well now some of it's getting on me and uh
you know i i just uh i'm gonna stand on the uh outside of the the cave and uh i can't tell i'm
sorry honey uh does the ceremony start in five minutes what happened you guys have a ceremony
yeah it's uh i'm bow mar hi is that okay like i hey bow mar bow mar i hate to interrupt but
it's my trainer it's my trainer oh jeez bow mar bow mar look the fucking guys stand back over here
sorry no we don't have to physically in really matter okay well no i just i was i was in the
radio play okay yeah you're an asshole we said you got two minutes to figure out if we got a
candy no no no no okay no i don't everybody behind mammoth tree i don't think we need to get me this
beer i don't think they have a chance get me this beer don't no no i get me this beer i think he's
more of a man than you ever were all right now you don't get the spear don't you don't get the
spear hey when a real man be able to do this oh it's just cut to the juice let's go to the
okay here's the spirit i'm going back i'm gonna get the guys i'm going back over here thank you
two spears okay um hey run whoa whoa whoa hey okay that's not that's something that's crossing a
line okay we don't run hey hey buy my my house get out of it okay i'm out i i'm out of it but
that's not nice do you understand yeah i'm looking at you and i'm i'm giving you a stone call the
police yeah please you know you know invent invent the police and then call invent the police
approaching marching and do you guys hear that do you hear that sound that's the sound of 500
chrome magnet feet i'm gonna explain something to you that you're not gonna understand 30 000 years
from now your best shot is being one percent in someone's 23 in me i would like to make that last
as long as possible maybe get that to two percent i'm talking about don't fucking point spears
company don't jerk off with your own shit okay don't jerk off with your own oh hell no and don't
talk to your wife that way you went too far now yeah we've been jerking off in our own shit for a
hundred million years a hundred million years well this morning maybe you have you think you
can come in here with your complete sentences and not jerking off in poop i came here with a fruit
cake and a fucking last chance what all right bone mar got the boys outside all right use those
special things from the netgeo documentary that that are like they look like an incense holder
but there's a match in them that throws an arrow farther than any spear can go at a level okay
where here we are standing back further than any spear can can land uh i'm using our like weird
highlight you're gonna i'm gonna hide behind a rock let them fly you you you you you you you
you guys dead you extinct oh boy it's gonna be a long epoch there are epochs and there are epochs
yeah that was good though it's like uh i don't think mel bricks could have done that better
i think it tells a story about how we got here but look i don't think the neanderthals were like
dumb i bet i think that that's the that's the weird thing i think that all of we were humans so we
were all way above chimpanzees and when you look at chimpanzees you're like jesus christ these dudes
are really close to like they're so you everybody that was the end of those like you know bob neanderthal
goes up to jill neanderthal and goes hey do you hear about jim over there and then the other one
would go like hey man don't do that well he's like i think i think he's like that was it i no i think
i think i think you got a hundred neanderthal tribe and the one neanderthal goes up the other
goes like hey did you hear about jim and if he has heard about jim and he knows jim he's like
got yeah totally gotcha and and but what we invented was the idea of like hey did you hear about this
guy jim who's jim well anyways he's this guy from 30 miles away you maybe you'll meet him one day
maybe you won't but he's like this right and so he's looking at this snake and the snake like
tries to bite him and he grabs it and he fucking eats it jim's a hero pass the word along jim's the
fucking best in fact you know the snakes i'm going to give you actually a piece of fabric that has
the word j on it and like it means jim and like if we ever come around and we go like dude jim
needs to fucking muscle up the neanderthals are giving us trouble like can we count on you guys
my my handshakes my bond like we'll leave you in peace these concepts the concept of of of of
of it's a shirt don't overreact a shirt fell off my lap but it's it's it's basically that it's our
ability to believe in things that aren't that are not real weaponizing weaponizing abstract thought
here's a way that we would have loved that we would love to hang out with neanderthals right now
is that neanderthals would be like hey can you hang out tomorrow night and we would say no neanderthal
i have to work and the neanderthal would go why i just asked if you want to hang out tomorrow night
it's gonna be the best by neanderthal standards and we'd be like i know i can't because even though
i'm square right now with american express like i i if i don't keep working i might get fired and if
i do get fired i won't be able to pay and the neanderthals like whoa whoa whoa i'm asking if you
want to hang out tomorrow night like neanderthals basically styles in teen wolf like like like
it it's it's it's every it's every um i take offense to that because it's being in the moment
i mean i thought like like we kind of invented being out of the moment it's kind of sad like
like like that we yeah that's we invented we invented the but it's also it's just as good
too though we invented peter pan and we invented taxes well i mean i got a theory oh yeah we're
definitely if you look at the brain patterns and like that type of thing if you take abstract
thought and like things that can distract you from a meditative state for instance right
so like uh regrets what happened yesterday what i'm gonna do tomorrow things that you want to
happen to stream of consciousness or whatever a lot of monks and a lot of serious motherfuckers
dedicate 50 70 years in a cave to get to that level to even like get rid of that stream we barely
even know what that type of a mind is capable of we're best able to do 200 hours certification
i'm in i mean yeah at the very least what was that a yupa light we're a yup nation out there
you're trying to create a yup army around right here i mean yo i got people i got i got eyes on
every corner you overthrowing my neanderthal tribe go ahead please it is well anyway just
long story short so i've studied the yoga and stuff and it's either bullshit or it's not
but what these guys say what these guys say is that these high-level motherfucker monks
could do some heavy-duty shit like but everywhere from levitation to laser beams being able to you
know teleport to being able to commune with deities or call things to happen to healings
that's why i that are another mystic traditions like jc laying down the miracles and shit which
all happen to be classic yoga master miracles just saying but anyway i'm saying if the fact
that it was a different brain or a different thought pattern and that we we didn't have access
to uh you know abstract thought and being able to weaponize that i think harari overlooks the
capabilities of like a fully whatever neanderthal or yogic or whatever meditative mind and we have
no way of knowing that but if you want to if you want to get down to the nitty gritty of it what
i'm scared of and my takeaway from it was there was major competition or a reason that these species
like one after each other and i think you know it just yeah it's the reason is us you know what
you know what i'm scared of is like i'm scared that we're gonna meet an alien planet and that the
alien planet is gonna it's just gonna have like crab monsters that are like they're like kind of
like 90 iq crab people and they're like we come in peace and we're like okay we can deal you're
basically uh antiques roadshow viewer we're like we're ready to rock i i don't know why i took a
shot at i just picked a random group of people to take a shot at it was the randomest i have no
opinion about you if you watch antiques i'm so sorry i went so lateral i'm so gun shy about
like picking fights with anybody that are just like just punched like the basically the the
demographic equivalent of the of the blind melon girl dressed as a bumblebee like pow and it's just
like i don't know where to land this bam antiques roadshow viewers what did they do to deserve this
today i would i would have gone junior kick bus anyways i like like like like so so like these
crab creatures go like we come in peace and we're like we come in peace too and they're like we love
crab stuff and we're like we love crab stuff too like we're down like how about you send some
crab people to our planet like we'll shut down some red lobsters during your visit to avoid
awkwardness and you will probably have monkey restaurants that you need to shut down but
like we'll send some emissaries to your planet i'm worried that our emissaries basically what
i'm learning from the sapiens book is that the thing that will happen i'm not i'm not i'm not
really worried about this happening i'm i'm i'm expressing a concern about our species is that
that we're the kind of species that if that happened and we went to their planet everything
would be kosher until we got to their planet and they were like so anyways here's some flowers
the flowers oh these flowers are nice and the flowers like don't fuck with me motherfucker
and we'd be like whoa flower just talked shit and the crab and we're like yeah sometimes the
flowers talk shit and and and we'd be like you gotta get your flowers in line bro like and they're
like no crabs live among the flowers uh they're like okay well who pollinates the thing well the
bees do have you met the bees i'm a bee i'm a bee like wait are they smart bees or dumb bees
well we don't really judge uh there's they have brains they're super smart and like and we're just
like we will without even realizing what they're like dude like like it's kind of remember when
i told my story of going to fiji and it's like i couldn't just fucking relax like i had these like
like these these people that live in fucking like just they just live in like what i call garbage
and have what i call unreasonable smiles on their face and have been trained by a hotel slash like
their thing and like all i can do is fucking drink their mystical root and like like i think
i'm being a good guy by trying to stir up shit i'm like seriously though it's fucked up if the
army runs your island like like i'm like i'm like it's like gossip it's like it's like what i can't
fucking like like take it easy like like like maybe shit that doesn't seem i just i fear that
homo sapiens is that's like it's weird now i realize it's weird having read that book that
we are that that there's grizzly bears and brown bears and black bears and there's all these things
and it's like nope we're just the only human and that we've actually worked that into our history
that we teach ourselves and he meant we go like yep there can be only one no yeah if you're a
serial killer like like there can be only one and that we would react poorly to an intergalactic
community that we that they would meet us at a party if if if volkins or anybody came around
they would be like dude these people can't handle spiders talking to them because they they they
have it built into them they believe that every planet has to have a fucking kirk on it that like
tells the planet what to do and they they believe that because they're basically like dexter they
were born in blood and they believe that you have to kill in order to live and they they're like
genocidal maniacs and to the point where their pecassos don't know that they're genocidal maniacs
like people that believe in not genocide are genocidal maniacs they just believe in like this
pyramid structure that we we're unique in the universe in that regard because the the leverage
that we used on some other planet there's like a grasshopper species it's like yeah jump really high
and i like i jump so high that eventually i they didn't become sentient like they they just became
like this really like amazing high jumping dominant species that was like so facile that they kind of
like yeah they're arguably in charge of the planet but then they're operating a kind of co
cooperation with like a tree that grabs you if you move too fast and eats you with its trunk
and we're going to show up and go come on what's the fucking episode here who do i kill and they're
going to be like whoa whoa flow bill like no one invited you to this wild west show and we're like
no no where's the side show who's who do i lasso i i i worry that that's actually i don't worry
that that's gonna happen because in our wildest dreams we'll ever meet anyone from another planet
i'm worried that that's what we are that that's the disease we have that we actually don't even
know we're suffering from it because we have no one to talk to about it let me throw you a counter
point that's who we were before we got to like a globalized like structure of society that we kind
of were approaching but you can't you can't if you kill everybody if you kill everybody you
could have talked to we need to we need to clone neanderthals and we need to talk to them that's
our only hope but the end of dexter's uh ambidextrous what the amb the end of dexter sucks all right
my thing is think about how many human generations it took to get to the i thought he said the amb
the ambidextrous sex i said i was i was like tell me more and then it was like oh no no
white white how does dexter end he gets away with it he moves away secretly to uh
he becomes a lumberjack and now another and now he kills wait how is that a bad ending for dexter
you wanted to just keep killing people i expected more from you or are you born i don't know i
there's only one way to find out get him if he if he breaks all our necks and and and interpol
can't catch him that was the higgin bottom how would you how would you have an ended dexter
like after you saw him go become a lumberjack you were like well i clearly they should have
done this right i mean what was the you're eating cake well let him answer let him answer
i mean i i like that bro something something like actually well we don't have to all right
well i one hand i one hand don't do that to him on the other hand do you know how that feels see
to hear fucking humanity while you're just treading water oh oh oh oh oh yeah come on
he becomes a superhero at the end of at the end that's a good way to end
is that he just goes like now but you know what now i know what i need to do and he like gets
off the payphone like neo and he just like flies up another camera look i'm not saying you're wrong
i stopped watching after episode six because as with lost i know when i'm being dicked around
i know i know when i'm watching improv and when i'm watching
i don't like serialization you if you're gonna serialize your show you got a you
like you got another thing you got you you you better make the most of that fucking season
you better blow my fucking gen X mind at the end of that season because i got as a
millennials coming and pitch me shit at my shitty little studio that should just die anyway so who
cares but like like like like you hear a millennial go pitching they'll go like it's like for better
and for worse like in the post netflix world the the millennial writers would be like so
the show i want to do is uh groundhog day meets groundhog day and but here's the thing but but
so it meets a first season no groundhog day nothing it's just a guy shaving and then he
keeps shaving every episode two through fourteen he's like his beard keeps like it's like where's
something wrong with my beard and like end of that season it's like oh shit saucer comes down
outer space it's groundhog day planet now seasons two through seven i'm like wait what in the
fucking entitlement like what you you kids with your serialization like unbelievable i i you already
rejected my pitch now this is just this is just me it was bad enough the first time but i want to
say also i'm a convert because i i i talked shit about mind hunter like every episode kept hate
watching mind hunter stupid mind hunter i got to the end of mind hunter like right like the last
couple episodes i started getting sucked in mind mind hunter don't mind hunter he hunts mind don't
mind hunter he's just a little bit abrasive don't mind hunter now hunter are you going to behave
yourself don't mind hunter is he german i what was his last was mind hunter my point is if you're
gonna if you're gonna serialize your television please like really understand that the reason
you're serializing it is for a reason it's like minecraft tiles like like can you can you make
this mark as like a tile pattern like like because that's a certain amount of bits or you're gonna
make it react as if when you place like a 16-bit video game when you're texturing does your texture
when it when it's placed next to another texture okay does it have to change in order for it to
tile properly it's shit like that like like rick and morty is a like i would like to think it's
like a like every tile is like you could come in anywhere i always said that i always thought i also
thought that about community but then people said i was wrong but like it's like my model is crack
rocks every rock gets you high every rock makes you want to smoke all the crack in order in order
of the crack you want to go back podcasting plays that out make it you make a podcast and then people
are like jesus christ now i gotta go back 200 episodes of this shit oh speaking of which uh so
david cummings the canadian uh horror host of uh the uh no sleep podcast levy levy told me that
his agent reached out and he wants to come on the show because i think i said like if i correct me
right what i said was because i was like oh i want to talk about this like my new passion is this
this guy who sounds like scott thompson he does this horror host thing and then uh i i believe
what i said uh and if i didn't i'll say it now is if you're if this is gonna get back to you
because i'm so tired of me talking about shit that i love and then people like yeah i'm causing
damage with my lenny breaking the rabbit's neck hugs like like like like uh like i don't want to
have that effect i don't like that when people are like oh ron jeremy you did a banana you think
you know that whole effect i'm not but if you're out there and you you reddited ron jeremy about
the banana thing don't it's not your fault either it's just who we are we're a fucking horrible
species what the enderthals what doesn't matter it doesn't matter what's the podcast david i think
what i said was david comings pleased to sort of symbolize the fact that i mean you no harm in
talking about how i love how funny it is that there is i'll fly you out first class and you
want if you want to be on the show i don't know his podcast it's called the no sleep podcast if
you just type in no sleep you'll get a different podcast that he has two episodes and it's about
like chicago comics or something there's a podcast called the no sleep podcast it's it's like and it's
at least 11th season it's been going on forever if you go back from the beginning it's amazing
this guy david comings he sounds like scott thompson and he's just like as the sun goes down on the
it's a scary stories podcast and then he does he just it's just people narrating scary stories
but it's so canadian it's really funny it's really fun is it it makes me it gives me like a dose of
warmth that i need in a cold world it's sincere it is sincere but that's not to say that that you
can't enjoy it well that's not to say that the podcast doesn't it takes itself real seriously
it would be mad if you laughed at it do you think i'd like it i think you would yes i could but it's
been on for 11 seasons yeah you're first telling me now well i just found it i just found it through
another podcast called uh the creepy it's just called creepy john grills who's in uh minnesota
who so i mistook him for canadian uh but he emailed me because i became a patreon subscriber
and then i wrote a thing and i had yeah whatever but he he his endless plugging of the no sleep
podcast should i listen to creepy i don't think you'd like it i don't want to like i don't like
recommend more of a no sleep guy to me all right i think you yeah i don't know
was that not what you were asking for i can't hear what you're saying yeah there's a problem
on this stage i wrote this i i what don't you say i wish that mine you're like more of a no sleep
guy to me all right i wish that there was enough of a signal up here that i could we're gonna get
you a horizon phone for the stage i had this guy who does this creepy pasta podcast creepy i i he
like i told you if you're a patreon subscriber at the top level one of the luxuries the tears is
you can send him a script and he'll read it like as if it's creepy pasta and i i sent a thing called
creepy pasta yeah it's it's derived from the term copy pasta which is an aberration of the phrase
copy plus paste implying when you copy and paste a section of text using a computing device
i was hoping that would hit me right in the eye it did not jeff threw a thing this is this is his
i'm plugging him so he won't make this creepy a podcast dedicated to sharing the most famous
chilling and disturbing creepy pastas and urban legends in the world whether these stories truly
happened or are simply fabrications is for you to decide these stories may contain graphic
descriptions of violence and explicit language listener discretion is advised this is my custom
one we're gonna listen to another person's i don't believe that you got like 500 people on stage
you're asking yourself questions and answering them and then now you're gonna play a podcast
well we sit here and age to death
that that that is a look i look i mean look i'm not gonna be i'm not gonna defend myself
against those uh barbs i guess the answer is yes i was playing this kid's podcast how long was that
clip just yeah because we might it might be fine oh well i can't i mean i was like a player
is it five minutes long is it ten minutes long it's five minutes long it's five minutes you're
gonna make us sit here for five fucking minutes hold your breath underwater for five minutes
ask me if it's a long time that's the metric yeah hold your breath underwater for any time with you
ever in your life like like like what my promise could get like two and a half minutes we're gonna
sit here while you're holding it's a shitty but the microphone because you put it if i just put a
fucking link on the fucking website put a link you know how it takes 20 minutes you know how that
goes well put a link and then there's 20 dudes with headsets i'm like whoa whoa whoa and then
it's like yeah like nothing works nothing works it's not because they do anything wrong it just
never works nothing ever works you know it works holding a fucking thing just hold the thing it
always works it never fucking fails it doesn't work that great it doesn't work that great but still
five minutes as spider webs grow on my face and a fucking tumbleweeds blow through the stage
as everything i should be doing right now goes through my brain name one thing you should be
doing hold your phone to the microphone your phone to the microphone why is the microphone
microphone bigger than your phone it makes no sense
hey please subscribe to the podcast so you can watch Rob break himself up right
right that's the don't do that i love that already hate me don't do that they already hate you
that was a moment where we learned that rob um he has him as a heart of a time dealing with him as
we do it's like he doesn't like it any more than us he's we're all just trying to deal with it
please subscribe please interrupt please subscribe to the podcast where Dan
wants to play another podcast on our podcast it would have been a fine use of our channel
it would have been good i would have liked to hold his phone to a microphone the most it always
works the sound is it really does it works better than most other the rest of us grown men sit and
wait on these fucking pizza shit cheers here's this is what it's about this is more about here's
somebody like five feet away listen waiting for him to finish five minutes he says it's five
minutes which is probably it's eight minutes sitting here holding our breath waiting for
death to come oh my god you would have been so fine with that you would have been fine you would
have been okay with doing that to us
your definition of craftsmanship is is like i is the next thing i need to understand i like
like like what i understand that a speaker up to a microphone is low five what are you
i i like what you're a you're a show you're it's enough out of you born
at the bottom i don't care i send you both up i don't care i created you both with the same elite
covert training program i held both of your heads underwater until you knew karate this looks like
a job for dexter created by richard donner jason boy you don't know who you are do you now i don't
come with me oh no i hope you don't wrap me in plastic and indulge the weird self-loathing
showtime audience uh in uh in sudo hbo levels of nihilism i guess maybe we're two we can't we
can't abide hbo but like we're not threatened by weeds or maybe we just get both like that's half
the audience well just give me everything what is it what do you want everything you give me
everything jimmy the animal planet i don't give a fuck so you don't want to know what who you are
jason boy i'm please dexter tell me i was gonna show you oh no tell me let's go back to christmas
1977 oh there you are sitting waiting for santa claus to come down the chimney oh i always loved my
oh see the bullet holes forming in your ass dexter am i a dexter why did that happen because i'm
dexter okay are you leaving he's leaving now i'm in the past and the award i just have to haunt my
past for the award for best what emmy award-winning finale goes to super dexter
uh with it with an with an with an honorary mention to a phone being played into the microphone
which i think came in a close second it gives us something to do i you know i could run you
through a plank set while we please it hey we sometimes do a segment that does stuff that we
do stuff in yeah it's definitely too late should i read too far into us never playing d d anymore
no don't read into it okay that's good to know but no i don't need the show to be like uh like on
the rails or anything i just need to know it's not about me being bad no i don't do
go play your cliffhangers spec is a bad person hey hey wait wait stop the show okay back those
credits up i was trying to stop the show what's happening what it's yeah go ahead run make another
human feel better about themselves go ahead yeah try that use your powers for good for once in your
fucking life can bleach help anyone i know it can get dirt off a counter but as dirt i'm just asking
have you ever fed anyone because i'm part food i'm dirt i'll explain the metaphor in the alley
when you're driving me home cliffhanger thank y'all let's give it up for Rob Schwab
Dave Kline Spencer Crittenden i'm your comptroller jeff javis give it up here
your mayor Dan Harmon
it's a little less than for Schrab it's good to be back here at the what'd you call it the
the damatap tie fighter the damatap tie fighter we love you all drive fast take chances everybody
will see you all never again or always we don't know i'll love you
did you get any of that